Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture in the previous lecture.
We're able to extract a certain page out of a sample PBF and actually write it into a newly created
PDA called sample a file and separately a file to as well.
And I hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge.
It went smooth.
Everything looks good.
Let's go ahead and then in this learning outcome three or kind of you know practice example three.
We're going to do.
We're going to rotate PDX and write them to a new PDA file.
All right.
So let's get started.
So what we you do.
Yes okay.
F equals to open again the exact same strategy we're going to open a file create a PDA file reader.
All right.
And they're going to create a PDA file writer right object and simply we're just gonna apply kind of
rotation we can extract the page get page rotate it and then write it in a PDA.
And here we go.
That's pretty much all we're going to be doing.
So first up message K F equals to open and we'll going to open this simply file.
OK.
And we're going can open it for reading purposes right.
Okay.
Shift enter looks good.
Let's go ahead and actually obtain paedophile file readers objects are going to say Okay read underscore
PD F equals to PD f file reader.
And here we're going to pass along our file that was just open.
All right.
So simply here shift enter.
You'll find a repeat f you can refer to.
That's basically the entire PDA here.
Contained within this object.
And that's it.
You can refer to it.
And don't please go back and refer to the F ever again.
All right.
We're going to talk to it using this re PDA.
OK.
Go ahead create a writer object.
So what we could do going to say OK right on this called PD F and you're going to create PD f file writers
again if you press tab you will get the writers here.
And it's open because we haven't written anything yet.
And let's go ahead and actually extract a page from our read PD so I can say OK rotated on this court
page because I can extract the page and actually rotated when one shot.
So going to say Okay let's open our read PBF object which is you know this one based that get page that
will extract for us our page let's extract page two for example and then let's go ahead and apply rotate
clockwise.
So actually if you say you Tate
clockwise
and you can specify the degrees as well so going to specify that I want to rotate it by 90 degrees.
All right so rotate clockwise 90 and please make sure that the C heat is upper case.
And here the page here is upper case to all right.
OK.
Shift enters.
Looks good.
So simply our rotated page here.
That's our page that we wanted to.
This is a page it has been extracted which page 2 and has been extended and rotated as well.
What we need to do right now is simply take that page and simply write it in a PDA in our PDA F right
writer object.
That's pretty much it.
Let's go ahead and do that.
I'm going to say OK right on the score EDF which is again our PD f object that we instantiated here.
And what we could do.
We're gonna say dot ed page.
Just to add that page which page you're going to be adding We're going to be adding this rotated page
that we have in here.
That's all copy and paste it here OK.
All right.
Shift enters.
Looks great.
No errors.
That means a good thing that that doesn't necessarily mean that we're able to actually obtain the page
and rotated and so on.
Let's actually write it in an actual PPF and let's see if that works or not.
OK.
So I could do.
Going to say OK F two for example or you can call it whatever you can call it let's say PDL output it's
actually stick with the notes so gonna say PD f underscore outputs equals two.
We're going to open our file which is whatever file.
Right.
So here let's say you're gonna call it like samples page sample PD f rotated so just to make sure that
this is an actual routine PD f and you can open that file for writing purposes and what we could do
after we're going to say OK let's take our right PD f here which is our object.
Right and what we could do is going to say dot right.
And let's take it and write it in an actual in our file right.
Which is this file video output.
Again this.
These two lines are exactly the same as we have done before in the past.
We simply open a file that we create with whatever name.
And then we say OK let's take our writer object.
Write it in our PDA.
Think of it this way.
We're going I think the object like kind of you know like like push it or just you know write it in
our PDA a file and then close close it.
And here we go.
All right.
So now we wrote our our object let's go ahead and actually close it.
So going to take a f underscore outputs
output and we're going to close this and then let's go ahead and take our the other one and closer to.
So again F is our input.
Right.
Which is what we got here.
We gonna close this and we need to close as well PDL output to shift enter.
Looks great.
Hopefully we have a file that's has sample PDA rotate it's OK.
Here we go it has been just created simple video rotated.
It's actually open it.
And here we go.
So we actually expected the page and we have been able to rotate it as well which is amazing.
All right.
So again our mini challenge what I'm asking us to do is to please go ahead pause a video and extract
page instead of page two.
I won't accept page five and let's go and create it in our rotating IDF.
But make it let's say simple PDA rotated let's say underscore one for example please me go ahead pause
a video and make an attempt to solve the challenge and I'll see you guys after the challenge.
All right.
You guys were able to figure out the challenge for us guys to do is to simply obtain page number five
and instead of having Sanford PD rotated let's save it maybe in Sanford Florida too.
So please shift enter shift enter shift enter and I hope we got sample PD f rotated two let's open it
and here we go.
So if you guys remember this is temporary protected one business school whatever rights for you.
And here we have school ratings which is you know look a different one basically here.
All right.
OK.
Looks great.
And both of them have been rotated which is the objective of this section.
All right.
That's pretty much all we have for this lecture.
I hope you guys enjoy it.
Let's recap all of them so far.
We have what we have done here is exactly the same as we have done in the past.
The only difference is just rotated clockwise.
We again open the file for reading purposes.
We've got an object CPF and then we create another object for right PD F and then we extracted the page
out of our leading object rotated it clockwise.
We've got to rotate the page and then we took it.
We simply wrote it or kind of pasted in our right to object and then we took the object and we write
it into our file which is our PDL output file.
We close both.
And here we go.
We're good to go.
All right.
In the next lecture I'm going to show you guys how can we read multiple pages.
What's the reading.
Just one page.
We're going to learn how can we read multiple pages and kind of extract the text out of all of them
are out of all of them and they're going to be ready to the most fun part of all is to simply add a
watermark to our PDA.
All rights.
I hope you guys enjoy this lectures and see you in the next one.